well vh1 has done it again the channel
known for reality shows has just wrapped
its latest hit show tough love couples
check it out I cheated three years ago
his opinion does not affect my life love
is tough have you ever had an orgasm but
wonder why you're so frustrated but
making it last is to her fuck you sure
you're sleeping somewhere else you
should be saving yourself and here to
talk about vh1's hit show is half of one
of the couples Excel ray rolls good
morning morning ok i was watching this
yesterday on a plane back here to
florida and you were really digging it
into your boyfriend now were you is it
was this a good experience well he was
pretty intense but he deserved it and
and talk a little bit about the dynamic
between your relationship with you and
your now acts as you guys are no longer
together crap you don't even speak at
these points um basically i am three
years older than him I'm very much
business oriented I have my career set
up and he's more an artist i would say
okay so you had some problems you go on
this show kind of hash it out yet was
this a good idea you happy you went
through with the experience definitely i
found out the truth um and cuz heaps up
with some shady stuff very shady yes sir
the least yes um a friend visited him
for four days and ended up being more
than a friend and you lied about that so
when I found out the truth like you know
couldn't be with someone who likes you
and is it just is hurtful to be on a
reality show a national reality show and
find out all this or is any of it set up
cuz a lot of times you know the rap with
reality shows oh it's so produced right
not at all everything was raw and real I
would have loved to i found out before
the show behind closed doors but he
didn't have a nice way which is fine
it's okay um I'd rather know the truth
this point okay and what do you have
what kind of advice you have for women
out there that might find themselves or
maybe they're in the same position that
you were well if your gut feeling tells
you to get out get out um we have this
ability to feel things and even if you
don't have the truth if you're not happy
just do something about it because
things don't change people don't change
if the current situation is not right
for you it won't be tomorrow just do
something about it and I know there's
kind of these counselors on this show
what did they teach you you have any
life lessons that you learn from being
part of this reality show well the life
coach of Steven join and they gave a lot
of advices on relationship had to
communicate better fight fair leave the
past in the past a few different things
but overall eat I learned a lot about me
my relationship of course but personally
too ok well that's always good and what
kind of guy are you looking for now are
you still single yes okay well not
actively looking now if somebody crossed
my path it would be someone honest i
would say who knows himself all these
own decisions and you know a man i would
say okay well there's a lot of our
camera guys floor crew that are single
and would love to have a chance I mean
Mike right here second a woman with an
axe Apollo I don't think you'll have any
problems finding a van exel thank you so
much and for more information on Exile
you can head on over to our website
daily buzz now.com click on the for more
info tab